### Goal

Proving the missing direction of [Abel-Ruffini's Theorem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abel%E2%80%93Ruffini_theorem).

The Abel–Ruffini theorem is the main result of Galois Theory and it states that there is no general solution in radicals for polynomial equations of degree $\geq 5$.

One side of the proof is already in the mathlib [here](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/blob/master/Mathlib/FieldTheory/AbelRuffini.lean) and the aim of the project is to add the other implication.

### Setup

Run the following command inside the project directory
```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/master/lean-toolchain -o lean-toolchain
lake update
```

### Math

See [the overleaf document](https://www.overleaf.com/project/656745843c27aa817d8ca509) for a longer updated version.

Here are some theorems and propositions we need:

#### Theorem 1.1
Let F be a field which contains the nth roots of unity. Then the extension $F(\sqrt[n]{a})$ for $a \in F$ is a cyclic extension over $F$ of degree dividing $n$.

##### Proof
The extension $F(\sqrt[n]{a})$ is Galois over $F$ if $F$ contains the nth roots of unity as it is the splitting field of the polynomial $x^n - a$. For any $\sigma \in Gal(F(\sqrt{n}a)/F)$, we have that $\sigma(F(\sqrt[n]{a}))$ is another root of the polynomial, and so $\sigma(F(\sqrt[n]{a})) = \xi \sigma F(\sqrt[n]{a})$, where $\xi \sigma$ is some nth root of unity.

Consider the map $Gal(F(\sqrt[n]{a})/F) \implies \mu_n$ given by $\sigma \implies \xi \sigma$ where $\mu n$ is the group of the nth roots of unity. Note that $\sigma_a \sigma_b = \xi_a\xi_b = \xi_{ab} = \sigma_{ab}$ and so this map is a homomorphism. Also, the kernel of this map is precisely the identity map as it fixes $\sqrt[n]{a}$, and so this map is an injection.

#### Theorem 1.2
If $\alpha$ is contained in a root extension of $F$ being $F=K_0 \subset K_1 \subset ... \subset K_q = K$, then $\alpha$ is contained in a root extension which is Galois over $F$ and where each extension $K_{i+1}/K_i$ is cyclic.
\end{theorem}

##### Proof
Let M be the Galois closure of $K$ over $F$. Then for any $\sigma \in Gal(M/F)$ we have the chain of subfields $\sigma(F) = \sigma(K_0) \subset \sigma(K1) \subset ... \subset \sigma(K_q) = \sigma(K)$ where each $\sigma(Ki+1)/\sigma(Ki)$ is a simple radical extension as it is generated by the element $\sigma(\sqrt[n_i]{a_i})$. Since the composite of two root extensions is a root extension, it follows that the composite of all $\sigma(K)$ for all $\sigma \in Gal(L/F)$ is also a root extension. Since the composite of all these fields is exactly $L$, we can conclude that $\alpha$ is contained in a root extension. We now adjoin to $F$ the $n_i$th roots of unity for all the roots $\sqrt[n_i]{a_i}$ of the simple radical extensions in the Galois root extensions of $K/F$ to obtain the field $F_=$, and we get the composite extensions $F' = K_0F \subset K_1F \subset . . . \subset K_qF = KF'$.

Note that $F'K/F$ is a Galois extension as it is the composition of Galois extensions. Each extension $F'K_{i+1}/F'K_i$ is a simple radical extension, and since the base field contains the appropriate roots of unity, by the previous proposition, each successive extension is cyclic. Therefore $F'K/F$ is a Galois extension with the required properties. 

### Useful definitions, theorems, lemmas from lean

Definition: [Cyclic Group](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/blob/8666bd82efec40b8b3a5abca02dc9b24bbdf2652/Mathlib/GroupTheory/SpecificGroups/Cyclic.lean#L56-L57)
Definition: [Given field extension $L/K$, this is the set of intermediate field extensions](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/blob/8666bd82efec40b8b3a5abca02dc9b24bbdf2652/Mathlib/FieldTheory/KrullTopology.lean#L76-L78)
Definition: [Galois correspondence from intermediate fields to subgroups](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/blob/8666bd82efec40b8b3a5abca02dc9b24bbdf2652/Mathlib/FieldTheory/Galois.lean#L278-L286)
Definition: [Subgroup fixing an intermediate field](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/blob/8666bd82efec40b8b3a5abca02dc9b24bbdf2652/Mathlib/FieldTheory/Galois.lean#L205-L206)



